mine
Hi guys, how are you? This week's a video.
special valentine's day
She arrives on Valentine's Day, I go.
to teach you that I did two
gifts
fire was my god, it's very hot and
truth mexico just an inspiration you
You can do it any way you want.
I had this idea I researched
internet and I did the way I liked it
You can change the colors you can make.
I really want you to leave.
Here they come to me if you
are enjoying the videos if you have
new ideas want me to do some
different thing can leave here that I
I do
and if you have not already written on my channel
they often imply
I liked to help spread my video.
It is and that week is over
special Valentine's Day video with
two more tips and a kiss, bye
cushion we will need a cloth
for the cover of 50 centimeters wide
1 flap to make the heart a mold
and the cushion filler is
I picked up the fabric and
half forming two parts of more or
least 50 by 50 centimeters come in
inside out and stitched the edges of the
sides with hot glue
a tip is to go on to lay eggs
so it does not dry before you paste
a tissue in the other
after cutting I cut the edges that
have left so I formed a bag that I
I'll turn inside out and be well finished.
where I put it I got the stuffing
middle of the last side of the cushion and
excess tissue
arrives
I left the cover aside so we could do the
detail I picked up a retail
I drew the heart mold with the
hot glue even I stuck the heart in
center of the pad
I refilled the filling
But now to close musty I doubled the
two tips for finishing and
I glued it with hot glue
I did it slowly, little by little.
to get easier
in the end the finish stays very
similar to seam finish in
machine
to make the mobile we will need a
Piece of Styrofoam Patchwork of Two Fabrics
meters of satin ribbon and photos
I drew four styrofoam
measuring 10 by 10 centimeters
cut using a heated knife in the
fire
I took the white patch of polka dots
black and wallet and three of the four
pieces of Styrofoam to wrap I used the
cloth glue but white glue too
it works
if you still have some
left over from fabric is just cut with retail
black white polka dots on cape
piece of Styrofoam that was missing
after all dry colleagues three photos
which I cut in size 9 by nine
centimeters in the
white cloth with red cloth
draw a heart and stick it
unable to black part
after he was ready to put
piece in satin life and made a detail
at the bottom end
with the rest of satin ribbon
I made a bow and glued it to the top and
that's how our moby was ready
ae